Added example for how to configure inprocess proxy (#53)
Unleash/unleash-examples: v4/inprocess-proxy/README.md

{"level":"info","message":"Configuring Unleash Proxy for development environment"}
{"level":"info","message":"Proxy setup for development"}
{"level":"warn","message":"Development proxy is now available at http://localhost:4242/api/development/proxy with key: 1154fd724a5166f0cbd711b2e282b1ea4c106780bc4c9567cde7c4ed71283013"}
{"level":"info","message":"Configuring Unleash Proxy for production environment"}
{"level":"info","message":"Proxy setup for production"}
{"level":"warn","message":"Production proxy is now available at http://localhost:4242/api/production/proxy with key: 9b6b72e46521d85cfda3af856d50a284476f82ae3dcc3f5e778c6fd559d97f59"}

```

# Test the proxies

For development:
```shell
curl -H"Authorization: <key logged to console for development> http://localhost:4242/api/development/proxy"
```

For production
```shell
curl -H"Authorization: <key logged to console for production> http://localhost:4242/api/production/proxy"
```

### Use Unleash
 
This uses the standard authentication setup, so you can log in and configure toggles by using the following username/password:

- username: `admin`
- password: `unleash4all`

## Explanation / How it's done

### createProxy

> - First we create a createProxy function. See [create-proxy.ts](./src/create-proxy.ts).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- First we create a `createProxy` function. See [create-proxy.ts](./src/create-proxy.ts).
```

    - This configures a cryptographically random key for communication between the proxy and the unleash-server.
```typescript
    const communicationToken = crypto.randomBytes(20).toString('hex');
```

> - Then we set up a middleware for unleash server which checks the authorization header on each request.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Then we set up a middleware for the Unleash server which checks the authorization header on each request.
```

    - If the authorization header is equal to the random key we created,

>       we setup an ApiUser with `client` access rights and set that on the request before passing control back to unleash.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      we create an ApiUser with `client` access rights and set those rights on the request before passing control back to Unleash.
```

```typescript
    const createToken = (env) => {
        const data = {
            isApi: true,
            username: `proxy-client-${env}`,
            permissions: ['CLIENT'],
            env,
            project: '*',
            type: 'client',
        };
        return ApiUser ? new ApiUser(data) : data;
    };
    logger.info(`Configuring Unleash Proxy for ${environment} environment`);
    unleashServer.use(`${basePath}/api/client`, (req, res, next) => {
        const authorization = req.header('authorization');
        if (communicationToken === authorization) {
            // @ts-ignore
            req.user = createToken(environment);
        }
        next();
    });
```

> - If the authorization header is not equal, our preHook is done and control is passed on to the next handler in the chain.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If the authorization header is not equal to our random key, our `preHook` is done and control is passed on to the next handler in the chain.
```

> - This allows Unleash to treat our in process proxy as a client, without ever having to add an api key to the database.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- This allows Unleash to treat our in-process proxy as a client, without ever having to add an API key to the database.
```

> - Finally, we call the unleash-proxy's createApp method (which we've renamed here to `proxy`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Finally, we call the Unleash proxy's createApp method (which we've renamed here to `proxy`)
```

```typescript
    proxy(
        {
            unleashAppName: `proxy-${environment}`,
            proxyBasePath: `${basePath}/api/${environment}`,
            // @ts-ignore
            logger: logger,
            refreshInterval: pollInterval || 10_0000,
            unleashUrl: `http://localhost:${unleashPort}/api/`,
            unleashApiToken: communicationToken,
            proxySecrets: [clientKey],
            trustProxy: true,
        },
        undefined,
        unleashServer,
    );
```

> - We see that we ask the proxy to use a common basepath with Unleash

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- We configure the proxy to use the same base path as Unleash
```

```typescript
proxyBasePath: `${basePath}/api/${environment}`
```
- So once we call this for `development`, we'll have a proxy running on `${unleashBasePath}/api/development/proxy`

### index.ts
- In [index.ts](./src/index.ts) we

>     - Configure a preHook for unleash which will:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Configure a `preHook` for unleash which will:
```

        - Configure a random proxy key for each environment we want to have a running proxy for.

>             - For a production setup, this should probably be changed to reading the desired key from an environment key or file.
>             - Telling our proxy users to change their key everytime we restart the server would be troublesome

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            - For a production setup, this should probably be changed to reading the desired key from an environment key or file. (Telling our proxy users to change their key every time we restart the server would be troublesome.)
```

>         - We then call the createProxy function once for each environment we want to have a proxy enabled for.
>             - In this case, development and production

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        - We then call the `createProxy` function once for each environment we want to have a proxy enabled for. In this case, that's development and production
```

# Example app that creates two proxies in process

## To start

### Configure database
```sql
CREATE USER unleash_user WITH PASSWORD 'passord';
CREATE DATABASE unleashwithproxy WITH OWNER 'unleash_user';
```

### Install dependencies
```shell

> $ yarn

Reviewer: If we're gonna use `$` to indicate that you're running a command, we should be consistent. This seems to be the only place where we do that in this doc, so I vote we take it out.

Of course, I may be misunderstanding what's happening here! Feel free to let me know and to disagree.

```suggestion
yarn
```

```shell
{"level":"info","message":"Configuring Unleash Proxy for development environment"}
{"level":"info","message":"Proxy setup for development"}
{"level":"warn","message":"Development proxy is now available at http://localhost:4242/api/development/proxy with key: 1154fd724a5166f0cbd711b2e282b1ea4c106780bc4c9567cde7c4ed71283013"}
{"level":"info","message":"Configuring Unleash Proxy for production environment"}
{"level":"info","message":"Proxy setup for production"}
{"level":"warn","message":"Production proxy is now available at http://localhost:4242/api/production/proxy with key: 9b6b72e46521d85cfda3af856d50a284476f82ae3dcc3f5e778c6fd559d97f59"}

```

# Test the proxies

For development:
```shell
curl -H"Authorization: <key logged to console for development> http://localhost:4242/api/development/proxy"
```

For production
```shell
curl -H"Authorization: <key logged to console for production> http://localhost:4242/api/production/proxy"
```

### Use Unleash
 
This uses the standard authentication setup, so you can log in and configure toggles by using the following username/password:

> `username: admin / password: unleash4all`

Reviewer: I suggest using a list for this. Makes it easier to scan (_I_ think) 😄 

```suggestion
- username: `admin`
- password: `unleash4all`
```

> `username: admin / password: unleash4all`

Reviewer: I suggest using a list for this

```suggestion
- username: `admin`
- password: `unleash4all`
```
